chore: add oidc login tests [WD-9461] (#781)
canonical/lxd-ui: CONTRIBUTING.md

    snap refresh lxd --channel latest/edge

The login e2e tests will require oidc setup for your lxd server. You may refer to the [Setup oidc login wiki page](https://github.com/canonical/lxd-ui/wiki/Setup-oidc-login) for setup instructions. Once you have completed the oidc setup, create a `.env.local` file at the root level of the project and ensure the environment variables shown below are set against the relevant lxd server oidc config values:
    # Configs that enables OIDC authentication for the lxd server
    LXD_OIDC_CLIENT_ID=[oidc.client.id]
    LXD_OIDC_ISSUER=[oidc.issuer]
    LXD_OIDC_AUDIENCE=[oidc.audience]

>     # Config required for provisioning the OIDC identity with admin permission

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Config required for provisioning the OIDC identity with permissions through IDP group mappings
```
